docs: Generate manual from markdown using mkdocs (#3849)
OSGeo/grass: REQUIREMENTS.md

  GDAL: [https://gdal.org](https://gdal.org)
- **Python >= 3.8** (for temporal framework, scripts, wxGUI, and ctypes interface)
  [https://www.python.org](https://www.python.org)

> - **MkDocs** with "Material" theme Python packages for the manual pages:
>   `pip install mkdocs mkdocs-material`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MkDocs** with "Material" theme Python packages for the manual pages:
  See `man/mkdocs/requirements.txt`.
```
